or hear
the show
neither concept
we call god
to 0 with destiny this is to arrange and
Catholic
The carioca igor is a resounding
O
sent word that from me
but and gentlemen with you
the god of Brazilian radio
I came to metropolitan look the flame back
People here are selling ice cream machine
An ice cream or an ice cream
I have a machine like that
do not do it right is not so much that the
media that together and back will be the
ice cream in 30 applied on the hand beauty and ...
Your friend will never happen if you're not
candy
there I thought it was only in between you
silence no adoption hiv nobody
hello, but good night ending is respect for
an even industrial ice cream machine
I've done it for two thousand five hundred
Is this really what it is?
understands is that for the church, the lady
by chance evangelical also I have the glory
of god codes how good is business with
sister
Good night, mother, how are you? Good brother.
church, you're a father, I'm leaving.
I love the world, I love it, I adore him.
buried in the morning the apostle valdomiro
huh
a ray and then actually when I do
I work very hard and I travel a lot
so I go in all I come back both in
bridge to the Christian congregation
lit up and even on this tour for those who do not
liked the event was also all the
world also attacks only aristone
understood and drank everything is weak the tank and
nor exactly 1900 place looks other
uncle found god
the cavern saw the one where the
devil's cave is in my name is cave
of the devil but revealing to our Lord
saw
I was intimate is who knows holy
catarina was not the wind to talk about it
it's far from where it is in the northeast
ig the ior in many places the the feeling
but saw credit looks us as
My father is a pastor, right?
whenever you talk to my daddy you
My father said my father is pastor and
understood is and he is going to talk about that year
that he is willing to church
accept with the church
So we're going to buy this machine.
specific but is for the embodiment
a fun gift that God protect you saw
attack grandpa god protect you 11 one
man but the ice cream machine to which
wonder canada glow who talks up on
street 8 on rossi may god bless you
lady your house squares on the side of
right corner of the left and hit
action amen
the dear sister of our heart lets
You have a lot of brothers here.
What is the meaning of Saturday?
I think with sorvetinho ram
then we think the following if people
take a lot of blender and
knock on the pitch
and put ice would not stay in
line or just the little brothers do not
both went to bes 5
understood that was when my dear son
wonderful thread announced that it was only
I try the little machine that makes sorbet
that's what brother lets me tell you
one thing lasting with all the love that we
we have our belief in the divine God to
powerful by the class
We can get the machine when the car
flipped over
Because of what I understood, and for what?
I heard from the angels of glory that God the Father
all powerful a third angel with a
sword a pin a line a shirt
and a button and when you press a button and
snapped of him said the father
pink one and there I thought I called it
truth will be to your love
You're donating the machine to us.
not only does not even come sister and rode
understanding why my son who
he said he talked to the lady
for 3 1 but let it go if you do not
is donating this machine to where I
nobody took care of me as her sister did
It's evangelical parents accept a lot and it's not
my right is also the dear sister can
to be in your family the accepted
Anyone is not and I will never donate to
your sister if you want to act will
place next to god almighty father
bay is not power will not donate and
can play with her but the
The idea is that it will not
he gives no no but flame could by
less talk to her sister time in the
work in this area but she did not want to
donating can not send the truck son
arming our kindness to others or
God will give you double and saw rocinha
rose that God will give you double gave
sure of this he saw rossi rossi ponton and
metropolitan